[Annalise] Previously on
How to Get Away with Murder...
[Connor] Mom?
I know about your misconduct.
I can fix this for you.
You had Nate's dad killed.
No.
-Why aren't you with your boo?
-He didn't come.
Just saw him outside
with Nate.
Why'd you call the warden
that day?
Own it!
[grunting]
-[Nate] He murdered my pops.
-[crying]
[Bonnie] Take his car and him
and drive away.
Why do you look like
someone just died?
Gabriel is Sam's kid.
You're making him out
to be some monster.
He hurt all of us.
I want to know
how he died.
All Gabriel has to do
is find new evidence.
He's here to take us down.
-[woman] Please record
your message.
-[beeps]
I screwed up.
They found out who I am.
-Hey.
-Hi.
Can I have my ball back?
-Do I know you?
-You're going to
help me with this.
Delete this e-mail. Go upstairs
to your wife and love her.
He never deserved you,
Annalise.
[preacher] Every single day is
the chance for a new beginning,
every morning an opportunity
to be changed,
different... magnificent.
We all have the choice to stay
mired in our own pain and mess,
or we can try mending the
broken pieces inside ourselves.
You here to make my face
look like yours?
Maybe.
Look, this wasn't about you,
okay? This was about
two consenting adults
-needing a connection--
-Never talk to me
about my mom again.
-Is he in there?
-I don't know.
I haven't heard him all day.
Maybe he's already turned us
in to the police.
[preacher continues] It's not
easy believing in ourselves.
I hear talking.
We all feel like there's some
thing inside us that's missing,
and if only we could find it,
we'd finally feel whole.
We just can't do that until we
learn to look inside ourselves.
Where's Connor?
I need his help.
He went for a run to take his
mind off the Gabriel stuff.
That's why I need him --
we're gonna burn Gabriel
from our brains
by writing up a wrongful death
suit for Nate Senior.
Didn't Nate Junior ask you to
stop interfering in his life?
He'll forgive me
once he sees that this is
our last chance at justice.
Or you're just setting him up
for more disappointment.
Hey. You're supposed to be
the hopeful one in this house.
Don't go dark on me.
[preacher continues]
But looking within is hard.
-[Christopher cooing]
-It means seeing not only
the good parts of ourselves,
-but the bad.
-[babbling]
What did you see, precioso?
[coos]
Mama.
It means recognizing
our own weaknesses
and flaws and wounds.
[ringing]
[Bonnie] You've reached
Bonnie Winterbottom.
Please leave a message.
[preacher] Only then,
can we start to heal.
Annalise doesn't need us dumping
another problem on her.
She also doesn't need
to be blindsided again.
This is not
her problem to fix.
-Then at least tell me
what you did with the body.
-Doesn't matter.
It will when the cops find it
and you two are thrown in jail.
-That's not gonna happen.
-Look at your hands.
You're gonna be the main suspect
the second Miller's identified
as missing.
This is my life, my mistake.
It wasn't a mistake.
This is Nate's call.
Fine.
But as soon as it's out
that Miller's M.I.A.,
-one of you is telling her.
-Yeah. We'll see.
What did we agree on?
I'm calling Eve.
[ringing]
[Annalise]
What the hell do you want?
-Annalise?
-Do I sound like Eve?
-Are you in San Fran?
-No.
-Eve's here?
-Let me come over.
We'll figure out
how to handle Gabriel.
I talked to him last night.
He's fine.
Annalise,
what does that mean?
Why don't you bring over
your Gabriel file?
Eve would like
to say hi, too.
[cellphone beeps]
She's not happy.
Showered wash away
your guilt?
Some.
-You ready to talk?
-To yell.
Let me get dressed.
We'll go at it.
Can't wait.
[cellphone vibrating]
Okay, I'm, uh --
I'm ready. Armor's on.
Why?
You'd just lost the baby,
wouldn't answer my calls.
I was in grief.
That's why I was worried
about you.
Oh, so you hacked Sam's e-mail
because you were
worrying about me?
I was afraid he'd leave you
when you needed him the most.
You wanted him
to leave me.
No, I wanted to help you
save your marriage.
That marriage was over
when our son died.
We stayed together
when we shouldn't have.
Why didn't you tell me?
Why?
I thought I did
what was best for you.
I was wrong.
So I'm here
to make it right.
Gabriel's worked with activist
groups on FBI watch lists.
If he tries to get
Sam's case reopened,
-we threaten him
with conspiracy charges.
-No.
He's a kid who thinks
he's more powerful than he is.
This isn't just about him.
The Governor knows that
I tried to adopt Wes.
That's enough for her
to link me with Sam's killer
and reopen the case.
Now that kid Gabriel is here,
picking at the scab, so...
Any more bright ideas?
[Bonnie] He wanted to go public.
I wasn't ready.
So I told him not to come
to the wedding.
He showed up anyway.
I got pissed
and broke up with him.
That's the last time
I saw him.
What is it?
There was a ring.
I left it on him.
But a purchase that big
will get noticed.
And I'd rather you
hear it from me than the Feds.
I'm sorry.
He brought this
on himself.
[breathing deeply]
I gotta say I never saw him
at the wedding.
I was in the tent
most of the night.
You saw me there
and drove me home.
It's not gonna work.
It's just a cleaner story.
Asher saw you with him.
[cellphone dings]
-Asher, why does Bonnie
need to see you ASAP?
-[Asher] No idea.
Maybe it's
about Gabriel.
I said no more
obsessing over Gabriel.
Obsessing about the guy
who could lock us all up
isn't such a bad idea.
It is when we should be
spending that time
suing the state for killing
an innocent,
mentally ill black man.
Where was this altruism
when you decided to
deport a gay DACA student?
All right, I'll be back
in an hour to help.
Thanks, Asher.
[Gabriel] Hey.
Gang, look who it is.
Aren't you two supposed
to be on your honeymoon?
-[door closes]
-Uh, we're going after
Connor graduates.
Right on.
Michaela,
you got a minute to talk?
She doesn't really
want to talk to you.
-That's right.
She doesn't.
-Just let me explain.
You ditched me at a wedding that
you begged me to take you to.
-I think I understand.
-That wasn't about you.
Yeah, I think that's
part of her problem.
Look, I had to leave
to talk to Professor Keating.
She was at the wedding.
I saw her leave
without her keys.
She wasn't home when I got
there, so I waited.
Why?
That's what I want
to talk about.
Then talk so you can
finally leave us alone.
Sam Keating's my father.
[breathes sharply]
Look, I know I should've
told you all.
But you didn't.
I just want to know
what happened to him.
That's why I came to Middleton,
and that's why
I'm here right now.
To see what you guys
can tell me.
Professor Keating worked
out of the house that year.
You guys were all interns,
right?
He was hardly ever there.
Look, I get it. You don't
want to talk about this.
[Michaela]
Why would we?
You've been lying to us
this whole time,
manipulating us
into kissing you.
That's not what that was.
Look, I never bought into
the story that Wes killed him.
So, what, you thought you'd
come here and solve a case
that the D.A. closed?
Seriously. You better not
be blaming this on A.K.
I mean, she--
-She's already
been through enough.
-[Gabriel] I know.
I got that when
I talked to her last night.
You actually talked to her?
Yeah, she told me
Wes killed him.
She even played me
a voicemail he left her.
Then you know
everything.
You don't think
he was covering for someone?
What about you?
I mean,
he's your kid's father.
You think he did this alone?
Yes. Because he did.
And honestly?
I don't appreciate you barging
in here dredging all this up.
Look, I know this is hard,
but this is my dad
we're talking about.
[voice breaking] Yeah,
a dad you never knew, okay?
Meanwhile,
Wes was someone that I loved,
someone that I wanted to spend
the rest of my life with...
[sniffles]
...until I realized he was
hiding the worst part
of himself from me.
You should go.
I've seen what Connor
can do when he's angry.
I'd leave if I were you.
I'm sorry. I really am.
I might need to borrow
some fresh underwear.
Where's everything
on Vivian?
-There's not much
out there on her.
-That you found out.
Go see what else
you can dig up.
Nice to see you.
And gimme your phone.
I'm cutting you two off.
-Where is she?
-[cellphone buttons clicking]
It's saved under
"The One."
I always thought you two
were end-game.
[Frank] Annalise and I are
handling Gabriel, okay?
I just need sweet-O's help
finding dirt on his mom.
So Oliver's handling it?
I need blackmail.
Just like we've got on all you.
You in?
-Only if you give me access
to Gabriel's spy cam.
-No.
He can just hack into it
if you don't give him access.
She's right.
How's Vanessa?
Good.
What is it?
She's pregnant.
It was our fifth try.
I gave up on the idea of it
ever working, but she just
left the doctor, and...
I'm sorry. This is the last
thing I want to be telling you,
Annalise.
You said you never
wanted a kid. [chuckles]
-I didn't.
-[chuckles]
I guess you just didn't
want one with me.
Don't -- [sniffles]
Don't do this.
What am I doing?
Making me feel bad.
Why should you feel bad?
For being happy,
more than ever.
But I can't tell you that
without feeling
like it's a competition.
I want you to be happy.
I can handle it.
Are you drinking again?
Did Frank tell you that?
I saw it on your face
the minute I walked in the door.
Your life is hard,
God knows,
but you chose it,
and you continue to
choose it every day.
So there has to come a point
where you take responsibility
for your own mistakes,
or you can just
stay unhappy.
There's some ice cream
in the freezer
if you want some dessert.
Was anyone with you when you saw
me and Miller outside the tent?
No, I was coming
from the bathroom.
Why?
What did you see?
Um, not much.
I was by the church.
You were both far away.
And then?
You disappeared
behind the tent.
What's -- What's going on?
You didn't see me
with Miller.
I didn't?
You saw Bonnie.
She was with him
in the parking lot.
Understood?
Millstone?
I need to know
what's going on.
You don't want to know.
I'm not lying to whoever
you want me to lie to
unless you tell me the truth.
Show him.
This is Miller ordering
the warden to kill Nate's dad.
No, that's...
Miller ordered the inquest.
It was his cover.
You're -- You're --
You're assuming that
because he used a payphone?
It was him, Asher.
So... Miller won't be coming
back to work tomorrow
because you were
the last person who saw him?
Right.
Think about all the times
Nate's helped you.
After Sinclair, Simon...
This is your turn
to help him.
Everything's gonna move fast
once Monday comes
and Miller doesn't
show for work.
Peggy won't get him
on his cell,
so she'll send someone
to his place.
[Peggy] I know
it's under 48 hours,
but even his emergency contacts
can't reach him.
And he's never late,
especially Monday morning.
[Nate] Protocol will require
the Investigation Division
to open a missing person's case
immediately.
From that point,
you gotta act like every move
you make is being watched,
especially at work.
[sighs]
A forensics team will sweep
Miller's office for evidence.
And they'll put out
an APB on his car.
It'll all turn up nothing.
Why? What'd you do
with his car?
Just focus on your part.
[indistinct conversations]
He in there, Pegs?
Asher.
[Asher] What the hell?
Ron's missing.
What?
I know, it's like Denver
all over again.
[Nate]
The FBI will be called in...
'cause Denver was just killed.
They'll send a team to
the office within hours.
The police will hand over
Miller's cell records to them.
They'll want to speak to
the last person he called.
Ms. Winterbottom?
Special Agent Telesco.
You free to answer
a few questions?
What is this about?
We'll get to that,
but first I'd like you
to tell us a little bit
about your role
here at the office.
If this is a corruption
investigation,
I'm not answering questions
unless my attorney is present.
This isn't
a corruption case.
It's a missing person's.
Who's missing?
Who is missing?
D.A. Miller.
What are you
talking about?
No one's been able to contact
or locate Ronald Miller
for the last 36 hours.
When was the last time
you saw him?
Saturday night.
Have you tried his mother?
She lives in Lancaster.
We wouldn't be here if we hadn't
looked into all leads already.
Okay.
We had a fight on Saturday,
and we broke up, so --
So you two were
seeing each other?
Yes. For a few months.
So maybe this is just him
taking some personal time or...
To be clear, the last time you
spoke to him was Saturday night?
Yes.
[cellphone vibrates, then beeps]
Hey.
This is the last time
you two spoke.
Well, maybe it was Sunday
morning. It was the middle
of the night.
He called me to
apologize, but...
Are you sure this
isn't a mistake?
[Eve] That's perfect.
Call my cell whenever
you have anything.
My friend who's a P.I.
in Cook County.
She's checking for
everything on Vivian.
You're allowed to go home now.
I can handle it from now on.
I came here to help,
Annalise.
And you did that.
So now you can leave.
Well, you can leave, too.
"Wherever you go,
there you are."
That's what they
tell us in AA.
You deserve to have some peace.
That's all I'm saying.
[knock on door]
Frank.
You're alive.
I wasn't sure when you weren't
answering your phone.
No, that's my fault.
I've been monopolizing her time.
-Eve Rothlo. I'm an old friend.
-Emmett Crawford.
He's my boss.
Uh, well, I have
a few calls to make.
Happy to see you're putting
your giant salary to good use.
What's going on?
I got served for
a deposition this morning.
-For what?
-The misconduct allegations.
C&G wants me to admit
fault under oath.
-You can't do that.
-Well, that's why I'm here.
If you're gonna actually
keep your promise and help me
figure out a way out of this--
-Of course I will.
-Well, this is the time.
I'll look over it.
Thank you.
Um, are you okay?
Yeah.
You know how it is
having company, so...
[door opens, closes]
[Emmett] What do you know
about Eve Rothlo?
That she's one of the best
death-penalty lawyers
in the country.
-Who'd you kill?
-I saw her at Annalise's
apartment.
What?
-It's weird, right?
-You being at Annalise's
apartment? Yes.
Uh, just tell me if you think
she's up to something.
-Annalise is always up
to something.
-Exactly.
That doesn't mean it's
something bad... usually.
Like maybe she's just trying
to recruit Rothlo
to come work here?
No, that's not what
I sensed was going on.
Well, maybe you should recruit
her then and bring me.
We can woo her together.
Yeah. So you know nothing.
That's what you're telling me.
-Asher!
-What are you doing here?
I need you to ask Miller
for the transcripts
from Senior's inquest.
-Why?
-So we can file
Nate's civil suit.
-Can you ask him?
-No.
-Why am I the only one that
cares about this case anymore?
-I care, okay? I...
I just -- I can't be asking him
for special favors like that.
Fine. I'll ask Bonnie.
Uh, you think she'll mind
that you told us
she's screwing Miller?
Michaela, don't do that.
What is going on?
Why did Bonnie want to see you?
Was it about Gabriel?
It was a personal thing, okay?
Just... stop worrying.
[footsteps approaching]
-Anything?
-Not yet.
Vivian Maddox is an enigma,
just like her son.
[sighs]
[Christopher coos]
-[Laurel] It's addictive, right?
-[Connor] It's boring.
He's studying for
our Admin Law Exam.
You think he's playing us?
We'd be stupid
not to think that.
[sighs]
What should I say?
When he's old enough
to ask me about his dad?
Do I tell him nothing
like Gabriel's mom?
Hope he never
finds out the truth?
Or you tell him the truth...
which is that his father
was a great guy
who took the fall
for his friends.
You believe that?
If it hadn't been for Wes,
we'd all be in jail.
Christopher would be
in foster care.
Or my dad would have him.
[Connor] Exactly.
Hey.
Your father was a superhero,
-which means you're a superhero.
-[coos]
How cool is that?
[cooing]
[indistinct conversations]
[Dr. Groff] Officer Wagner
fired one shot at Mr. Lahey,
striking his frontal skull.
Hey, Wagner.
[both grunt]
-[punches landing]
-[Nate grunting]
Mr. Lahey,
thanks so much for waiting.
You want to tell us
what that was all about?
[Frank's voice echoes]
Look at your hands.
You're gonna be the main suspect
the second Miller's identified
as missing.
Just tell me why
I'm meeting with the FBI
for beating a guy up.
Not just a guy.
The prison guard
who shot your father.
A beat down seems like
a pretty easy way to get off,
I agree.
Mr. Lahey, are you aware that
D.A. Miller has gone missing?
Since when?
His last reported call
was to a colleague
early Sunday morning.
[Telesco]
You don't seem surprised.
Why?
He ordered the inquest
on those guards.
So you think those guards
might have something to do
with his disappearance?
Ain't it obvious?
Or maybe you're trying
to put the blame
on some people you're
obviously still very angry with.
Someone ordered those guards
to kill my pops.
Miller tried to find out who.
Now you're telling me
the guy's missing.
You really think
that's a coincidence?
Is it Nate? That's who
you're staying here for?
Let's not have
this conversation.
If you're together again,
I support that.
We're not.
Because you're with
that man who showed up?
My life is a mess right now.
I don't need a man
to make it worse.
-What about a woman?
-Is that what you think,
that I need my own Vanessa?
If you're open to that.
We know a ton of sober ladies
in San Fran.
You've never understood,
even now.
Your privilege
lets you be gay.
I'm black
from the damn Bible Belt.
So stop trying to figure out
what's gonna make me happy.
You don't know what that is,
I don't know what that is,
but it isn't about finding
a person, a man or a woman.
I have to figure it out.
I have to save me.
Is Annalise filing
a civil suit for Nate?
I am.
And what are you doing here?
She's out sick today.
Came to talk to you,
actually.
Nothing you could say to me
could get me to forgive you.
Everything I said that night
was the truth.
Of course it's true,
because I am special
and beautiful and worthy
of someone great.
Clearly, I now know
that that's not you.
-I know. I --
-Which you played me like
some basic bitch sidepiece.
No.
I only hid who my father was
from you so I could find out
what happened to him.
And, honestly, I was kind of
hoping you'd understand.
Well, you're an idiot
for hoping that.
You're adopted, right?
So I just thought maybe
out of everyone that
you would get what it's like
to want to know about
the parent you never met.
We're not the same.
Leave so I can work.
[ringing]
[sighs]
You've reached Nate Lahey.
Leave a message.
Nate, uh, it's Michaela again.
Sorry to keep calling you.
I just--
I want to run something by you
about your dad's case.
Any leads?
Not that I know of.
You know, I was, um--
I was thinking.
Wouldn't it-- Wouldn't it be
funny if he was just at home,
sleeping this whole time,
and his-- his phone was dead?
The police went to his house.
Yeah, I know.
Uh, I just remember that one
time where he was yelling at you
'cause his phone battery
kept dying.
[chuckles]
Did you ever, uh,
get him a new one?
No. He wanted to wait
for the upgrade.
Why?
No reason.
Um, but you know what?
I think you should get him
that upgrade anyway.
Like, that's how much
I believe he's coming back,
that we just got to
keep the faith.
God willing.
[Michaela]
I want to run something by you
about your dad's case.
Don't worry. I'm not digging
into anything I shouldn't be.
Just, can you call me back?
Hey, did they bring you in?
Yeah, we'll talk later.
BonBon. We need to talk.
-Not now.
-It's important.
Miller's cellphone battery
was busted.
-What?
-His phone kept dying.
Peggy confirmed it.
So what if that's why he was on
the payphone -- not to be shady,
but because his phone
was actually dead?
There's no other reason he'd
have called the warden that day.
We have no proof that the call
was even about Nate's dad.
-Asher --
-What if Nate is wrong?
That's all I'm asking.
You don't want to believe
he was a bad guy.
I don't want to
believe it, either,
but we were wrong about him.
Especially me, so stop making me
feel worse than I already do.
-Ms. Price,
do you have a minute?
-No.
What if I told you I know how to
make the board love you again?
You should file a civil suit
against the state on behalf
of Nate Lahey Junior.
If you win, you'd attract
a ton of good press
that C&G desperately needs.
-Why wouldn't you
bring this to Annalise?
-You're the civil-suit expert,
and you need this win
more than she does.
Okay, but have you talked
to Nate Junior about this?
I wanted to get you
on board first.
You mean you want to
waste my time on a case
without an actual plaintiff?
We lost the inquest.
No one is going to jail
for murdering that man.
Justice will not be served.
But you know what
still can be served? Money.
Let me think about it.
Great.
Michaela?
Any idea why Annalise would
be meeting with Eve Rothlo?
-Eve's here?
-So you know about
the two of them?
No, I-I-I mean, I know that
they were at Harvard together.
But were they together
at Harvard?
You mean before Sam?
-Bisexuality is real, Ms. Pratt.
-I know that.
I have personal experience
with the matter.
Really?
My fianc --
ex-fianc,
he was bisexual.
Interesting.
[Post-Its rustling]
[drawer slides shut]
[knock on door]
Seth?
You have a minute?
Yeah.
[sighs]
This is all crazy, huh?
I'm still in shock.
With Denver, I kept thinking
it all had to be a mistake.
I'm sorry.
No.
It's rough for everyone.
There's something
you don't know.
Ron and I were...
together.
-No one really knew,
and I don't want them to.
-[sighs]
It's just...
I don't want
to cause trouble.
For who?
I heard Ron on a phone call
with Warden Sykes.
They were arguing.
You think Sykes
is behind this?
I don't know.
I just don't want to
raise it with the FBI
if I'm being paranoid.
And I know that you are
monitoring the prison
for your corruption case...
You know I can't
talk about that.
-Ron told me you have
a wiretap on Sykes --
-Bonnie.
I just want to listen
to that one call.
Here's the date.
Please.
At least so I can stop
thinking that Sykes
had something to
do with this.
[Frank] Vivian's been clean
a few years.
It helps she works part-time
at a rehab center.
But then I found this.
Who is he?
[Frank] Vivian's boyfriend
until he ODed on Oxy.
It could work, right? Make Gabe
think Mommy could be charged
-with drug possession,
dealing --
-No.
-He needs to be scared.
-She has a better idea, Frank.
Section 401 of the Illinois
Controlled Substance Act.
-You think it can work?
-I think you can make it work.
[Annalise] We'll need proof
that Vivian supplied the oxy.
Easy. Frank bribes someone to
say Vivian was their dealer.
So now we're lying to Gabriel
as well as bribing drug addicts,
too?
-Sorry, what am I doing?
-They won't have to testify,
just sign a statement.
[Annalise] Gabriel's too smart
to fall for that.
[Eve] He's just a law student.
He'll cave.
-[knocks on door]
Or it makes me look guilty.
He loves his mother,
right?
Use that...
not to scare him,
but to convince him
to protect her.
Hey.
Let's talk.
[Annalise] Look inside.
Who is he?
Your mother's ex.
She was with him when
you were an undergrad.
Kept it under wraps because
they were using drugs together.
Her drugs.
So this is a threat.
I keep my mouth shut
about Sam,
-otherwise you, what, you get
my mom charged with murder?
-That's not what I'm saying.
Then tell me
what the hell this is.
I could've easily taken
this to the police
if I wanted to hurt
you or her.
Instead, here I am,
giving it to you.
-Why?
-Because I want to help you.
-Because you feel guilty.
-Yeah.
Because it wasn't just Sam.
It was me who hurt her, too.
And maybe that's what
made her turn to drugs.
And if I can find this out
in a day, imagine what else
someone else could find if they
really wanted her to suffer.
We both want to protect her,
Gabriel.
So just help me to do that.
They get their money's worth
with us single people,
don't they?
Hmm. What's up?
A potential new case.
This is Annalise's client.
She's too busy to
handle a civil suit.
You okay with me
suing the state?
Let me read it over.
Oh, and I got some scoop on why
Eve Rothlo could be here,
-if you're interested.
-Mm. Go ahead.
-They're ex-girlfriends.
-What?
It was, apparently, just
a law-school thing for Annalise.
Meaning, you know, don't worry,
you still got a chance.
[chuckles]
Projecting much?
-What?
-I think you meant to say
that you still have a chance.
[chuckling] What? No!
Sir, come--
Oh. Oh, you think
you're funny.
Good night, Ms. Price.
I'm just a plane ride away,
so, uh...
call me if Gabriel acts up
or you need my help
with the Governor.
I can handle it.
I just need an excuse
to visit.
I can come to you
after the baby.
If there's a baby.
Oh, there's gonna be.
My point is,
come sooner.
Not to introduce you
to our hot friends.
I don't want "hot."
I want nice.
They can be both.
[chuckles]
Just keep your eyes open,
that's all.
[door closes]
[cellphone beeping]
[Telesco] Mr. Maddox.
This is Agent Telesco
with the FBI.
We have a few questions
about a voicemail
you left for
D.A. Ronald Miller.
I screwed up.
They found out who I am.
Can you call me back?
Please call us back
as soon as possible so we can
set up a time to meet.
[female reporter] Breaking news
in Philadelphia tonight.
We have just received word
that Interim District Attorney
Ronald Miller
-has officially been named
a missing person by the FBI.
-[knock on door]
Authorities were notified
this morning when Mr. Miller...
You don't know
who gave you this.
...who has worked at the D.A.'s
office for over a decade,
failed to appear at work...
Pressure's on
pressure's high
Pressure's heavy on my mind
It has been close to 36 hours
since anyone has seen or
heard--
Dinner's ready.
No one's hungry?
'Cause I can inhale this
pad Thai all by myself.
Did you know about this?
The suspicious nature of
D.A. Miller's disappearance
prompted the FBI to open
an immediate investigation
in hopes of finding
the D.A. alive.
You were at work all day.
You had to have known.
No, I swear.
-This is bad.
-It's not bad.
It's a nightmare.
-You really didn't know?
-No idea.
...of danger or duress.
Law enforcement
is asking that anyone...
-[Nate] Hey.
-It's all over the news.
-You got to tell her.
-I'm here now.
...any information that may
lead to the D.A.'s discovery.
How did expectations
get so high?
The FBI has reported that any
and all leads will be explored
to the fullest degree.
How did expectations
get so high?
[woman] Board of Probation
and Parole.
This is Warden Sykes returning
Mrs. Jeffries' call
about the new
Parole Board regulations.
-Warden Sykes here.
-[Janelle] Hi, Warden.
It's Janelle from
the Department of Corrections.
[reporter continues]
D.A. Miller's disappearance
is of particular concern
considering the fact
that his predecessor,
District Attorney Todd Denver,
was murdered less
than a year ago.
Currently serving time
for his murder,
is former Antares Technologies'
CEO Jorge Castillo.
-The FBI declined to comment...
-Did your father do this?
I don't know.
Probably.
-It wasn't your dad.
-How would you know?
You wanna tell them?
What?
Bonnie needed to see you ASAP,
you were acting weird
at the office --
-That doesn't mean anything.
She had blood on her leg
-at the wedding.
Why?
Did she do something to him?
No. You're insane.
It's...
Bonnie had Christopher
at the wedding.
I couldn't find them.
Tell us the truth.
Was this Bonnie?
Nate.
He just kept...
lying to my face,
saying I was wrong...
and I lost it.
Started swinging.
It was like...
I wasn't there.
No control.
My body just took over.
I'm not telling you
so you can fix this.
How is that true?
The Governor's gonna come after
the both of us even harder now.
No.
Because it was the Governor
who killed Miller.
She got Miller to help her
take out my pops,
then she took him out
to keep him from squealing.
It's a good plan.
Hi, Warden. This is Marissa.
This is Sykes.
Jeff, hey. Ron Miller here.
[Sykes] Oh.
I didn't recognize the number.
[Miller] Yeah, my phone died.
Uh, listen, I'm calling
to thank you for handling
the Nate Lahey Senior transfer.
-[Sykes] It's not a problem.
-[Miller] Well, still, I just
wanted to say thanks.
His son works for me,
he's a good guy,
so I'd like to make the
transfer as easy as possible
on his old man.
-[Sykes] Yeah, we'll take good
care of him. No problem.
-[Miller] Thanks so much, Jeff.
-[Sykes] Good night.
-[Miller] Night.